Feature/doc restructure micro ros agent (#16)
microROS/micro-ROS-doc: MicroROS_Agent/Roadmap.md

﻿# Roadmap

> Here be will enumerated all the planning features that will be released in the future.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Here we will enumerate all the planning features that will be released in the future.
```

* Run agent as a full ROS2 node.

> * Micro-ROS agent as a class that can be inherited.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* micro-ROS Agent as a class that can be inherited.
```
